## Collaborators
    I mostly worked solo on this problem set; I was even able to find a way to parse the compositions of the chemical compounds without having to use recursion. I used nested for loops and a bunch of if statements to do the parsing for the composition dictionary.

## What was done
   This program is designed to read through a file of compound names and their respective chemical formulas, and by splitting over the delimiter of a comma, a Dictionary of type {String, MyChemicalCompoundModel} was created through the data that was created through the array of split Strings over this delimiter. Since the first line that didn't have a hashtag in the data file was "name,formula" and every other line with no hashtag (the ones with the actual chemical names and formulas) had a number in it, I added in a condition to quickly iterate through the line and see if any of the characters were numeric. If they were, then this is where the splitting and the creation of the model took place. Once this dictionary is created, what had to be done from here was the parsing of the elements in the compound and their connection to how many times they appear in that compound. This was done through the creation of a composition dictionary of type {Char,Int}. This is where I took a different route in what was done. In the parser function, I created the dictionary, and for each name compound entry in the compounds dictionary, I decided to loop through the compound string and specifically pinpoint characters that were not a number, as those would respond to an element in the compound's chemical formula. These characters were then stored into a temporary variable. If that character happened to be the last character in the compound string or was followed up by another non-numeric character, then the amount of times it appears in the composition is only once. Another temporary String was created to store this 1 value, and the composition dictionary at the index of the first temp variable would be set to the parsed Int of the second temporary string variable. 

   The model was built, now adding the composition dictionary to it, and the compounds dictionary was updated accordingly. When the character after the one stored in the temporary variable was a number, then that character was added to the second temporary variable, and all the numeric values after got concatenated onto the string until another non-numeric character was reached. Before reaching that next non-numeric character, the same thing that was done in the if statement mentioned before was done again: the parsed Int of the second temporary string was stored in the composition dictionary at the index of the first temporary variable, and this composition dictionary was added into the compounds dictionary. The original compounds dictionary that was passed through the function call is returned at the end, but with the composition dictionary telling how many instances of each element there were.